how to call oracles (#7)
SyGuS-Org/docs: language/sygus.tex

\section{Calling Oracles}
\label{sec:oracleimplementations}

> The SyGuS solver makes queries to an oracle via a text file with the extension \textit{.oracle}. The oracle is called by the solver with the command \textit{oracle-name textfile.oracle}.

Reviewer: I think we need to keep the definition "implements a function of sort ..." here, since this definition is referred to in the description of the commands.  
Also, it would be helpful to enclose this paragraph in a \begin{def} / \end{def} block.

Author: Sorry for the slow response. I've put the implements an interface back in (as discussed by email, we don't require it to be functional). 

There isn't a definition environment in this latex doc, is there?

Reviewer: I'm not sure, this tex actually originates from the original v1 document :)
If not, can you introduce it?

Author: Hmm I did it, but it looks weird. Why is this the only definition in the document? This is the diff, is this what you want? 

~~~
diff --git a/language/macros.tex b/language/macros.tex
index f9f058c..052034c 100644
--- a/language/macros.tex
+++ b/language/macros.tex
@@ -2,6 +2,7 @@
 \newtheorem{example}{Example}
 \newcommand{\rem}[1]{\textcolor{red}{[#1]}}
 \newcommand{\ajr}[1]{\rem{#1 --ajr}}
+\newtheorem{definition}{Definition}
 
 \global\long\def\autobox#1{#1}
 
diff --git a/language/sygus.tex b/language/sygus.tex
index 57a7b96..11a8b79 100644
--- a/language/sygus.tex
+++ b/language/sygus.tex
@@ -1899,7 +1899,9 @@ involve (defined) macros and recursive functions.
 \section{Calling Oracles}
 \label{sec:oracleimplementations}
 
+\begin{definition}
 The oracle is a binary that implements an iterface of sort $\sigma_1 \times \ldots \times \sigma_n \rightarrow \sigma$.
+\end{definition}
 The SyGuS solver ma
~~~

Reviewer: Yes, that looks right.  Why does it look weird?

Author: Ok, pushed. I just felt weird about it being the only definition in the doc. Surely this isn't the only thing that needed defining?

Reviewer: Yes, I have a similar feeling. 

Regardless having the definition should make things easier to clarify, and perhaps other parts of the document could be made more precise in the same way.

> The text file should contain a list $\paren{v_1 \ldots v_n}$ specifying values for each argument to the oracle. The oracle will return a list $\paren{v_{n+1} \ldots v_{n+m}}$ specifying values for the return values of the oracle.\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The text file should contain the text $\paren{v_1 \ldots v_n}$ specifying values for each argument to the oracle, where $v_1 \ldots v_n$ are written using the same syntax for constant terms described in this document. The oracle will return the text $\paren{v_{n+1} \ldots v_{n+m}}$ specifying values for the return values of the oracle on the standard output channel.\\
```
